nrf_802154: Update revision of nrf_802154 (#1135)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_802154/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.
See also :ref:`nrf_802154_limitations` for permanent limitations.

Main branch - nRF 802.15.4 Radio Driver
***************************************

Added
=====

> * Added :c:func:`nrf_802154_security_key_remove_all` that removes all stored security keys. (KRKNWK-18108)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :c:func:`nrf_802154_security_key_remove_all` function that allows you to remove all the stored security keys. (KRKNWK-18108)
```

> * Added :c:macro:`NRF_802154_MAX_PENDING_NOTIFICATIONS` that represents the maximum number of simultaneously pending notifications the driver can issue. (KRKNWK-18110)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :c:macro:`NRF_802154_MAX_PENDING_NOTIFICATIONS` that sets the maximum number of simultaneously pending notifications the driver can issue. (KRKNWK-18110)
```

Reviewer 2: This proposal seems to be incorrect.
